{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red245\green245\blue245;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
The attached code defines a function create_multiplication_steps() that prints out a random multiplication problem broken up into steps of simpler multiplications that represent successive refinements to the final answer.\
\
Create another python script that prints out code for a latex document that is a single letter size page containing a table with 3 rows and 2 columns. Each cell of this table contains the output of one call of the create_multiplication_steps() function i.e. each cell of the table is a random multiplication problem.\
\
\
\
\
The attached code creates a random multiplication and then breaks it down into a sequence of steps that represents simpler multiplications that provide successive refinements towards the final answer. Sometimes however, a step is a duplicate of the previous step and is therefore redundant. An example is the following:\
400 * 30 = ____\
400 * 30 = ____\
395 * 30 = ____\
395 * 31 = ____\
where the second step is just a duplicate of the first. Another example is:\
500 * 60 = ____\
510 * 60 = ____\
513 * 60 = ____\
513 * 58 = ____\
where the 4'th step is a duplicate of the third.\
\
Can you change the code to detect duplicates and remove them from the output.\
\
\
\
The attached code creates a random multiplication and then breaks it down into a sequence of steps that represents simpler multiplications that provide successive refinements towards the final answer. But the code has a bug in which the second and third steps are duplicates. The third step is correct, but the second one is incorrect. Please modify the code to fix this bug. Here's an example output from the code: \
200 * 90 = ____\
168 * 90 = ____\
168 * 90 = ____\
168 * 88 = ____\
\
Here the second step should be 170*90 instead of 168*90}